hello today we are going to teach you about
examples of urban centers we will begin
for the portable career helmet
this
The design of this helmet is based on
the old leather helmets and the
particularity that it has is that it is
smaller and bigger is worth
thought and designed to save it in
backpack
with this we make sure that it can fit
a backpack
in the back it comes with a rubber
for
a good fit also comes with the
strap to be able to keep it and that is not
open us when it is inside the bag
then he
and the chin closure comes with
with this clip
we also have
the river helmet of the brand is worth
has nine air intakes to have
a good cooling and not spend much
heat are two colors in white and
black and one good thing that you have is this
visor
so that the rain does not bother us or
the sun that
it starts to rain we can put the
visor so that the water does not fall
like the previous one comes with a rubber on
the occipital part for a better fit
and the chin strap comes with the environment
and finally we are going to show you the c5 of
the google brand this helmet is already a
heavier tad
It has six entries at the top
two on the front and two on the back
This occipital closure is by hairnet
with this we will achieve better adjustment
Y
the sticker is reflective so that
when they come from behind they see us
has this little visor
and the chin strap closure comes with this
piece
Well, I hope I served you
this video and you know that you can
find in dotcom challenge and in the
social networks